#⏰ Digital Clock - A Simple Yet Stylish Timekeeper
Welcome to the Digital Clock project! This project showcases a minimalistic yet visually appealing digital clock built with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. It's perfect for anyone looking to add a simple time display to their web projects or even as a learning resource for those new to web development.

🌟 Features
Responsive Design: The clock adjusts beautifully to any screen size, ensuring a perfect display whether you're on a desktop, tablet, or smartphone.
Dynamic Time Update: The clock updates every second, ensuring that the displayed time is always accurate.
Stylish UI: The clock features a modern and sleek design that blends well with any website theme.
Lightweight: The project is light, with minimal dependencies, making it quick to load and easy to integrate into any project.
🚀 Getting Started
Follow these steps to get the project up and running on your local machine:

1. Clone the Repository
bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/your-username/digital-clock.git
2. Navigate to the Project Directory
bash
Copy code
cd digital-clock
3. Open index.html in Your Browser
Simply open the index.html file in your favorite web browser to see the clock in action.

📂 Project Structure
Here's a brief overview of the project's structure:

index.html - The main HTML file that contains the structure of the digital clock.
style.css - The CSS file responsible for the styling and layout of the clock.
script.js - The JavaScript file that powers the dynamic functionality of the clock.
📸 Screenshot

🤝 Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you have ideas to make this project even better, feel free to fork the repository and submit a pull request. You can also open an issue if you find any bugs or have suggestions.

📧 Contact
Have any questions or feedback? Feel free to reach out at rhythanvarsha23@gmail.com.

⭐ Show Your Support
If you like this project, please give it a star! It helps to increase the visibility of the project and encourages me to keep improving it.

⚖️ License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.
